# SurfItUp-Surfing-Weather-Website
A website developed for the 'Challenge 2 - Presenting Data, frontend-focussed' by Falmouth University. This website presents users with a more friendly interface for viewing weather stats from the http://api.spitcast.com/ API's. 

Challenge 2 – Presenting Data, frontend-focussed One of the favourite habits of our local residents is hitting the local surf locations – and some go kite surfing. To do this, however, we need to make sure that our local weather readings are amenable to such activity. Fortunately for us there are several APIs available that feed us regular weather updates based on our local areas, including OpenWeatherMap. What we need is a front end to effectively present this data. In order to do this let's create a website that hits the API and presents the information to your customers in effective, eye catching, well designed ways. Take the JSON returns from this API and display it in a pleasing website. Use any frameworks you would like to make this work effectively. A list of particular spots can be found in JSON format here (taken from http://api.spitcast.com/api/spot/all) – they are US-based. The particular user stories you need to answer are (in order of importance): • As a Surfer, I expect to be able to set my level of expertise to Novice, Intermediate or Expert. • As a Novice Surfer, I expect that the quality of a spot to be considered to increase with higher winds up to 15 knots, and then decrease up to 20 knots, after which the quality should be the same as that of a calm day. • As an Intermediate Surfer, I expect the quality of the spot to increase with higher speeds up to 20 knots, and then decrease up to 25ft, after which the quality should be the same as that of a calm day. • As an Expert Surfer, I expect the quality of the spot to always increase with higher winds. • As a Surfer, I need to see the best spot for surfing for today. • As a Surfer, I can select my current location and find the nearest spot by distance in the top 25% of spots (calculate using Great Circle distances). • As a Surfer, I can select my current location and find the best spot within a specified distance. • As a Surfer, my current location can be automatically determined (using the HTML5 geolocation API for example). • As a Surfer, I can select my current location and find the nearest spot by drive time in the top 25% of spots (can use the Google Directions API or the Google Distance Matrix API for this). • As a Surfer, I can select my current location and find the best spot within a specified driving time. Submission Format Please supply: • A fully ready-to-build package hosted on a private BitBucket, GitLab or GitHub repository, shared with ben.sewell@falmouth.ac.uk. 


•  Optionally: A live instance of your completed challenge if web-hosted, a Windows executable if desktop build, or an APK if an Android App build. • The time taken to complete the challenge. Evaluation Critieria The evaluation metrics for this test are: 1. Working functionality. 2. Quality of user experience (supplying a live instance helps towards this). 3. Level of compliance with SOLID principles.  4. You will not be particularly assessed on automated testing. 

Created through the use of the weather API http://api.spitcast.com/
modified bootstrap templete 'SB Admin 2': https://startbootstrap.com/themes/sb-admin-2/
//SB Admin 2 is a free, open source, Bootstrap 4 based admin theme perfect for quickly creating dashboards and web applications. It's modern design style with subtle shadows and a card-based layout could be described as flat material, and is inspired by the principles of material design along with a simple, attractive color system.

Spots near me currently in a 'work-in-progress' state. 
